Guys in this video we're going to set up different post formats as well as our bottom widget.
All right.
So let's start with the bottom widget.
Now if we go to one of these pages we want that that area to pop up with the icons and so forth.
So what we'll do is go to functions ph P and we're going to just add another position.
So copy this let's just say bottom
this will also be bottom
and then for this before widget we're going to paste into divs one is has the class of Section A animated
fade in up and then the container div.
So after widget is going to be to ending divs and then for the title same thing we're going to keep
the hide.
OK we'll save that and then let's go into it see where do we want this page to page up.
We actually know what we'll do is create a custom template for for that lay out with the bottom widget
.
So let's create a new file and we're going to save it as a content
Wadham way out ph p.
And then what we'll do is copy exactly what we have and Page dot P P and then we'll just add that to
the bottom.
So we want to go under.
See this is where the main content is to we want to go under that.
And let's just throw that in.
OK it's just going to check for the bottom widget if it's there it's going to display it.
So we'll save that.
And then what we do is create the widget.
So it's going to be just a text widget.
Put that in the bottom and then let's grab the code from our HVM template
which I think we had in the about age DML.
Yeah it was all this boxed content stuff.
All right.
So remember we used this in the actual widget code so we don't need that.
We're going to get everything from this row.
Everything inside too.
So we're just going to
let's
start over.
OK.
So we want everything in the row.
Copy that.
And we're just going to put this in as a widget.
Save it.
OK.
Now we go to what say services and we want that widget to show up.
We have to select that theme.
Now in order to be able to select that then we just have to add to the top here.
We need to add a comment block.
So we're going to open up some ph tags and like that and then just say template name or call this bottom
content way out.
All right so now let's say we want to on the services will go to pages services and then down here under
template we can choose the bottom content way out and click Update reload and there we go.
OK.
So it's only going to be on the services page if we want it on the our team page.
Can simply enable the template down here.
All right.
We might as well do the same for you.
All right so now all these pages are using this template.
So now what we want to do is take care of the post formats OK.
In addition to standard posts I want to be able to to create a side post which will just be a title
and content and then also a photo gallery.
So let's go to functions dot ph P and we're going to have to add support for these post types.
So we'll say
post format support and we're going to say add thier support and then we want to pass in those formats
.
And then an array of the formats that we want to accept which in this case is just going to be a side
and gallery.
All right so let's save that.
And now if we go to posts and let's add new you can see over here we now have the option for a side
gallery.
So let's say a side
they will just grab some text
publish.
And now if we go to our front end our excuse me our front page.
You can see that the A-side post is there and I don't want that I don't want a side posts or galleries
to show up here.
So what we can do is go back into the front page of PGE and go down to where we have our latest blog
post queery and what we can do is add add to this an array of sorry not number eight.
We want to say tax underscore Querrey and we want to set that to an array.
All right.
And then in this array we're going to say
taxonomy
is going to be post format.
The field
is going to be slug
and terms that might be another way to do this.
But this is one way this is going to be an array of The Post types that we don't want.
OK so we don't want to post format side and we don't want post format gallery.
And then we just want to go right here put a comma and say operator
not in.
And that's what's going to make it say that we don't want these.
All right let's save that and reload.
OK so still showing up.
Oh you know one has to be an array within an array.
So right here.
Forgot about that.
And then that's going to end
right here
.
There we go.
OK.
So now the post isn't showing on the home page.
We're going to blog it is OK because we wanted to show on the regular blog.
Now for the formatting we don't want this.
Basically all I want is the title and the content no image no meta data or anything like that.
So what we'll do is go to index dot ph P and let's go down
to see right here.
All right.
And we're going to do an if statement.
We're going to say if it has post format then we'll pass it in the format and post underscore ID.
OK so if it has a post format and get post format pass in the ID.
If the format is equal to.
Side
.
All right.
So this will check to see if its an aside post and we're also going to want an LCF.
So I want to copy this.
All right.
And then here we're going to say LCF and then change side to gallery
and then we just want a final else.
OK.
So right here is if it's an aside if it's a gallery if it's a standard standard we want what's what's
been here.
So from there down to here
now instead of just putting that code in here what I'm going to do is create a separate file.
So let's create a new file we'll save it as content dot ph P and paste that in.
All right.
And then let's go to back to index and and what we can do is just paste in right here
.
Actually we need to be tagged though
right so that a load content not PKP.
And then of course up here we want to create separate files for our side and gallery.
So let's go ahead and paste that in here and we'll change this to a side.
So be content content dash side.
P P and then this one here
will be for a gallery.
OK now we just need to create those two files.
This one will be content Dasch aside and then we'll have the content Dasch gallery.
OK for the aside it's going to be very simple.
We have our class.
We're still using the variables section class and then we just have the title and the content.
All right so let's save that.
Go back and reload and now these are all the same but this one here is an aside it just has the title
and the paragraph which actually you should change this.
Let's change that to div class
X or
.
OK.
Now for the gallery Let's go into that file.
And this is pretty much going to be the same thing I'm going to place that in.
We don't need the paragraph around the content though.
And then I just want the heading to see the heading and want to give that that has the class text Center
.
All right.
Because I want the gallery to have its title in the center so let's save that and then we're going to
go and create a gallery say add new post photo gallery and let's say add media create gallery I'm just
going to choose these three images and let's choose to link to the media file and I'm going to choose
a medium for the size insert and publish and reload.
OK so that's not showing up.
I didn't choose gallery over here you have to be sure to choose the gallery format.
All right I will reload.
And there we go.
Now we have a gallery and if we go to the home page it's not going to show up.
We only want these to the standard post to show up.
All right so that's going to be it for this project.
If you'd like you could of course add more features to it.
But hopefully you liked it and I'll see you in the next one.